Overview:
This is a tool that compares two coverage.xml files generated by cobertura,
and produces an html and csv report describing the lines that have more hits
in production than in test, i.e. lines that require more testing.
The data is described in a table, and each table row has the class name,
file name, line number, number of hits, and the line itself.

How to build:
This project uses ant to build. Running ant -d with the source in src/ProdTestDiff
will generate the .class files in /build/ProdTestDiff/, and a .jar file in /dist/lib/ .

How to run:
This program takes in 3 arguments. To run, enter the command
java -jar ProdTestDiff.jar prod_coverage.xml test_coverage.xml buildNum
The first arg is the coverage file from production.
The second arg is the coverage file from test.
The third arg is the current build num.

Reports:
This program will generate an HTML file and a CSV file in a directory called
diff_reports.

Classes:
ProdTestDiff is the main driver class. It first parses the two xml files, then
generates a set of lines which have more hits in production than in test.
It uses this set and searches through the source for the lines, then uses
ProdTestHTMLWriter to generate the report.

ProdTestHTMLWriter is a utility class that is a wrapper around a BufferedWriter.
It writes the html file, with methods for the header, closing the file, and
writing each table row.

MethodCoverage is a class used in the map for storing data when parsing the XML
files. It describes the coverage for each method.

jquery-3.2.1.min.js and jquery.tablesorter.js and script.js are included so the HTML
table can be sorted. They will be copied and pasted into the diff_reports/ directory.

styles.css is for the css.